No.
We go to the authenticated user, but we want to change this header to just a logout button.
So for that, for the moment, we will just copy this on mounted function and we will pass it to our
NAV.
That the view.
So a lot here set up.
In the old piece to this function.
So don't forget to import on mount it from view.
Also Axios.
Uh.
Here we don't need a message to the value, but we need a variable.
Oh, which means if it is authenticated or not.
So don't forget to import ref and by default it is false.
In the end we will return oath.
And we don't want to get to the authenticated user here.
We will just wrap this with a trite catch.
So.
If it is successful, then we will set oath that the value is equal to true.
So it is all authenticated.
In case we fail, then we will set it to false.
And now let's use this variable.
So for that, we have to use the variable here.
And this is the case where the user is not authenticated.
So a lot here.
If.
Not oath.
So this is the case when it is unauthenticated.
The key.
So when is authenticated.
We need to add just a link to logout here.
This will be a router link to the main page.
That is correct.
But we also need to add a click here.
So we'll let the function here logout and when we click here.
We will call the logout function.
So I forgot to return it here.
And we called it successfully.
And for the moment, let's console.log.
And we can see it here.
Now we are logged in and we can see the look out button.
Now let's actually logout.
So we need to send the request to the backend.
So I'll make this synchronous and to logout we will wait here.
Actions we will post to look out will send the node data in the we need to use with credentials to through
because when we logout we will remove our access token and that's it.
So this is the logout function.
Uh, let's try it out and we will have an error here.
So first.
Let's see if we remove the axis token, but we will see that we are actually seeing it right now.
We have a lot of requests.
So if we refresh, it is correct, but that is the error that will happen soon.
Let's logout and the refresh token.
It is removed and when we restart now we will see a lot of refresh requests which I will stop the server
right now in the way that happening.
The reason is because let's go to our interceptor.
Oh.
If we remove the refresh token, we will get an error of 401 with the Stardust.
401 will send the request here to refresh the token.
But still, we do not have the refresh token.
So this request will return 401 again and this will be an infinite loop here.
So we should make a change that we should call this refresh endpoint only once.
And for that we need to create a new variable.
Let refresh all call.
It is equal to false and the the condition.
Now it is like this if the thought of is 401 and we haven't refreshed.
If we go here, we will set refresh.
Is equal to true.
And if this fails, it will go here again.
But this time refresh is true, so it won't go to request again.
And if we go here, we will reset the refresh to false again.
And that's it.
Using this way, we will refresh only once and let's try it out now.
We can see that we are not requesting a lot, but we can see to user requests and to refresh request.
Don't worry about this because the first time we use it on our home component and the second time we
use it in our nav component, which is not okay.
Uh, still, we have also this logo there.
So we have some issues now which we will solve in the next tutorial by using view x.